---
In this modern age of revolutionary smart devices, technology reigns supreme. Visually impaired users are a part of this modern world. They deserve to taste the beauty of this technology. However, they require assistive technology which is the concern of HCI (Human Computer Interaction). In this paper, we present a text correction tool that is entirely designed for the visually impaired. Instead of having to use traditional keyboard or mouse, they can write or edit text using speech only. The text can be read to the user using speech synthesizer. The user will be notified of different events through audio feedback and the user will be able to write text entirely using speech. Different voice commands have been designed to interact with this tool. Also, important modes can be activated using a single click on a mouse button. Since clicking either of the mouse button may not be very difficult for the visually impaired, we can use this option for flexibility. Existing speech based tools offer fast writing method, higher accuracy, but they are not optimized for the people with low or no vision. Text editing is a basic way to communicate with the computer. Providing a clear and efficient solution regarding this matter will obviously open a new door for the disabled which is in this case visual impairment. Five participants evaluated the system and the feedback was more than satisfactory.

[Download paper here](https://amithasanarovi.github.io/files/Speech-Based-Text-Correction-Tool-For-The-Visually-Impaired.pdf)

